feature: ToggleGroup icon and label-props replacing children. (#2929)
navikt/Designsystemet: .changeset/tiny-lions-stare.md

---
"@navikt/ds-react": minor
---

> ToggleGroup: Supports `icon` and `label`-prop as a replacement for `children`. Children is marked as deprecated and will be removed in future major-versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ToggleGroup: Added props `icon` and `label` as a replacement for `children`. Children is marked as deprecated and will be removed in a future major-version.
```
Just a suggestion. I think it sounds better, but it might just be me 😅
